Vice President, why are you such a big firebox?
Have you replenished your supplies?
Well, they are all out of stock.
This is just looking away from others, not like adults.
Hey, brother, what are you doing today?
Can you guard the door?
It's not a road. Go back by yourself.
Auntie, you're the one looking after the door.
What did I do to you,
Crazy, I will cure your illness of not having a girlfriend,
Would you use this kind of girlfriend?
Can it be good, good, or is it always troublesome in our family committee?
sister,
I'll give it a try first,
Brother and I finished dividing the dishes,
It's not dad who told you
How come this month-old boy has always been attracted by this sister?
But what are you busy with today over there?
His birthday today is such a big deal
You have forgotten
I wish to be the Vice-President